About this issue: Our crawler reports pages that have duplicate meta descriptions only if they are exact matches. A <meta description> tag is a short summary of a webpage's content that helps search engines understand what the page is about and can be shown to users in search results. Duplicate meta descriptions on different pages mean a lost opportunity to use more relevant keywords. Also, duplicate meta descriptions make it difficult for search engines and users to differentiate between different webpages. It is better to have no meta description at all than to have a duplicate one. How to fix: Provide a unique, relevant meta description for each of your webpages. For information on how to create effective meta descriptions, please see this Google article: https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/35624

---

About this issue: Redirecting one URL to another is appropriate in many situations. However, if redirects are done incorrectly, it can lead to disastrous results. Two common examples of improper redirect usage are redirect chains and loops. Long redirect chains and infinite loops lead to a number of problems that can damage your SEO efforts. They make it difficult for search engines to crawl your site, which affects your crawl budget usage and how well your webpages are indexed, slows down your site's load speed, and, as a result, may have a negative impact on your rankings and user experience. Please note that if you can't spot a redirect chain with your browser, but it is reported in your Site Audit report, your website probably responds to crawlers' and browsers' requests differently, and you still need to fix the issue. How to fix: The best way to avoid any issues is to follow one general rule: do not use more than three redirects in a chain. If you are already experiencing issues with long redirect chains or loops, we recommend that you redirect each URL in the chain to your final destination page. We do not recommend that you simply remove redirects for intermediate pages as there can be other links pointing to your removed URLs, and, as a result, you may end up with 404 errors.
